Add docs for TLS Server Certificate rotation for K8S (#9636)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/operations/server-certificate-rotation.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Server Certificate Rotation
sidebar_title: Server Certificate Rotation
description: Rotate Server Certificate on Kubernetes Cluster safely
---

# Rotating Server Certificates

As of Consul Helm version `0.29.0`, if TLS is enabled, new TLS certificates for the Consul Server

> are issued every time the TLS-init job runs. These certificates are signed by the same CA and will

Reviewer: I'm thinking that tls-init might be an internal implementation that folks are not familiar with
```suggestion
are issued every time the Helm chart is upgraded. These certificates are signed by the same CA and will
```

> are issued every time the TLS-init job runs. These certificates are signed by the same CA and will

Reviewer 2: Should we say on every helm upgrade rather than every time the TLS-init job runs? Or maybe "every time the TLS-init job runs, which happens on every helm upgade"?

I think most folks won't know what that job is.

Reviewer: jinx! I've added the same comment 😄

continue to work as expected in the existing cluster.

> Consul serves read the certificates during start-up and keep them in-memory. In order to ensure the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul servers read the certificates from Kubernetes secrets during start-up and keep them in memory. In order to ensure the
```

> Consul serves read the certificates during start-up and keep them in-memory. In order to ensure the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consul servers read the certificates during start-up and keep them in-memory. In order to ensure the
```

> servers utilize the newer certificate, the servers pods need to be [restarted safely](/docs/k8s/operations/upgrade#upgrading-consul-servers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
servers use the newer certificate, the server pods need to be [restarted safely](/docs/k8s/operations/upgrade#upgrading-consul-servers).
```

Reviewer: I think we should say that in some cases a helm upgrade will not cause an upgrade of the consul servers, and in that case the servers will not pick up the new certificates.

> To explicitly perform certificate, perform the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To explicitly perform certificate rotation, perform the following steps:
```

> To explicitly perform certificate, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explicitly perform server certificate rotation, follow these steps:
```
